1) What are the advantages and disadvantages of each of the two scheduling policies? 
   Also, give the advantages and disadvantages of the round robin scheduling 
   policy originally implemented in Xinu.

1)

Exponential Distribution Scheduler:
	ADVANTAGES:-
		
		This scheduling algorithm is much more fair as compared to the default XINU scheduler since it schedules
		the process based on a random number and any process could be selected (Although it is not 100% fair as
		the ratio is not the same for selecting all the processes).

		Since, the processes with lower priority have more chance of getting scheduled due to the exponential 
		implementation, therefore, it gives some extra control on the scheduling which could be used in special
		scenarios.

		Starvation problem is solved since a random number is used to schedule a process.
	
	DISADVANTAGES:
  		
		When the number of processes increase, the processes with higher priorities will have a very low chance of
		getting scheduled, which might be troublesome as it will not behave like a fair scheduler and starvation could 
		occur (not exactly but to some extent).
	
		If a large value of lambda is chosen, then the graph will be even more right skewed. On the other hand, if the value
		is very small, it will be right skewed. Therefore, choosing the lambda value is troublesome.

Linux-like Scheduler (based loosely on the Linux kernel 2.2):
	
	ADVANTAGES:-
		
		This scheduling policy gives a fair chance to the processes in terms of priority.
		
		Even if a process goes to sleep, the process is still considered when it returns from the sleep state or is assigned a higher timequantum value
		
	DISADVANTAGES:
		
		For the lower priority processes, the average turnaround time might be too large.
		
		The scheduling might be slower due to calculations involved. Although the calculations could be done in micro seconds, but with such powerful 
		processors nowadays, even a few microseconds matter

Round Robin Scheduling Policy Originally Implemented in Xinu:
	
	ADVANTAGES:-
		
		This type of scheduling could be helpful in scenarios where a sequential scheduling needs to be done.
		
		Least amount of calculations and other conditional check are required, therefore, it is faster and simpler to implement.

	DISADVANTAGES:-
		
		Starvation happens for the processes with a lower priority.		 


2) Describe the way each of the schedulers affects the NULL process.

	

2)

Exponential Distribution Scheduler: The NULL process gets scheduled when there is no other process in the ready queue.
		

Linux-like Scheduler (based loosely on the Linux kernel 2.2): The NULL process gets scheduled when there is no other process in the ready queue.
	
	

Round Robin Scheduling Policy Originally Implemented in Xinu: The NULL process gets scheduled when there is no other process in the ready queue.













